^: add page (#12341)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/^.md

> # Caret

Author: Results is a CI error https://github.com/Managor/tldr/actions/runs/8020762879/job/21911264093

For the same reason `!.md` has "Exclamation mark" https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/main/pages/common/!.md

> Bash builtin to quick substitute a string in the previous command and run the result.
> Equivalent to `!!:s^string1^string2`.
> More information: <https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/manual/bash.html#Event-Designators>.

> - Substitute `string1` with `string2` in the previous command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run the previous command replacing `string1` with `string2`:
```

`^{{string1}}^{{string2}}`

- Remove `string1` from the previous command:

`^{{string1}}^`

> - Substitute `string1` with `string2` in the previous command and add `string3` to the end:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replace `string1` with `string2` in the previous command and add `string3` to its end:
```
